so first thing you're going to take this
elf cream liner base and mines kind of
dried out so I'm just gonna use it as a
base
so you just want to smudge it on your
lid
it's gonna make the black last longer
I'm going taking this elf quad and drama
and I'm going to be using the black
color just take the black and put it
over the left
okay so now it is even darker I'm just
gonna work it in there I just want to
take a fluffy blending brush and cut up
on that out I don't have anything on the
brush right now then I'm gonna take this
elf quad and butter not which is just
looking neutral quad and then take this
color and blend that kind of like house
kind of like a gold Sheen to it so one
this above right along where the black
is okay and then I'm gonna finally just
take the cream color and use that as a
highlight okay just bring it down to
meet the other colors
and then I'm just going to put it on the
inner corner and kind of just meet that
membrane uh so now what comes next it
I'm gonna do my just regular pencil
liner on my waterline
how did you have that done you want to
do your liquid liner okay the part that
makes it looks like the cat eye because
we have okaaaaay going this way and then
also that inner tear-duct
is like a reverse cat eye kinda so I
need a mere closer to me to do this but
hopefully it'll cut you guys could see
to the outside wing
and you kind of have to try and see how
to make it even
it's kind of hard to do
you just want to get it as even as
possible
now I'm going to put on my fake
eyelashes under my eye to kind of get it
rid of any fall and brighten it up under
there because we use black this is
Maybelline fit me concealer and I'm also
wearing the Maybelline fit me foundation
if you were wondering
so I'm obviously gonna use seminars
Casino we kind of just put it on my
cheeks nose chin forehead that what I'm
going to do is blush which is a baby
pink it's called tickled pink and put
this my cheeks
I don't know because I feel like cats
have pink cheeks and now they don't but
you know I mean
you like pink noses and stuff or some of
them
and then last but not least for the lips
I'm using elfs runway pink which is a
nice baby pink
and obviously if you want you could add
like little whiskers to your face but my
costume it's pretty obvious that I'm
being a cat sound like it's just like
can't hears and then an outfit so you
guys see but this is the finished makeup
look so girl I don't know I hope you
guys like it and now let's check out the
past so this is costume I know it's
probably not a lot of you were expecting
because it's not the typical like caddy
or headband I think it's so freakin
adorable
oh I just love one piece so it's just
like a little dress and has kind of like
boning in it so it's kind of corset e
like not really though and then it just
has this little skirt I'm wearing shorts
underneath because it's short so it just
has this little skirt so it makes you
look pretty tiny
that's what looks like you know my hair
is like a mess but it comes down so
right now it just looks like I'm not
really a cat but put the hood up and
voila I'm a cheetah girl yeah oh my ears
a little bent because I I just got out
of the package so a little bit but I
think this is so stinking adorable oh my
god cuz if if you have seen like some
celebrities have been wearing like hats
that look like this that are like animal
and like fur like who's one Khloe
Kardashian has been seen wearing
something like similar to us so I
thought this was so cute it's like a
different take on like your typical cat
costume so I just feel like super cool
in this Cup okay don't like how far that
had the hood sticks out I kind of feel
like it makes me look like I have a
giant hug but I'll show you guys the
package this is the package it doesn't
come with the furry boots unfortunately
probably wear these boots so if you
haven't seen them in my outfit of the
day it's what they look like
I'll probably just wear them because you
know they're furry and cute so yeah what
I'll probably wearing
where am I oh yeah so I hope you guys
like this tutorial I don't know if I'm
gonna do anymore we'll see but I got
this costume from I love sexy calm it's
a size small and is by the brand aroma
so yeah oh and it's called playful
pussycat okay so thanks for watching